src/pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

AstroPaper is a minimal, accessible and SEO-friendly blog theme built with [Astro](https://astro.build/) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).

![Astro Paper](public/astropaper-og.jpg)

AstroPaper provides a solid foundation for blogs, or even portfolios\_ with full markdown support, built-in dark mode, and a clean layout that works out-of-the-box.

The blog posts in this theme also serve as guides, docs or example articles\_ making AstroPaper a flexible starting point for your next content-driven site.

## Features

AstroPaper comes with a set of useful features that make content publishing easy and effective:

- SEO-friendly
- Fast performance
- Light & dark mode
- Highly customizable
- Organizable blog posts
- Responsive & accessible
- Static search with [PageFind](https://pagefind.app/)
- Automatic social image generation

and so much more.

## Show your support

If you like [AstroPaper](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper), consider giving it a star ⭐️.

Found a bug 🐛 or have an improvement ✨ in mind? Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/issues), submit a [pull request](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/pulls) or start a [discussion](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/discussions).

If you find this theme helpful, you can also [sponsor me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/satnaing) or [buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/satnaing) to show your support — every penny counts.

Kyay zuu! 🙏🏼

Commit message:

content: update About page bio

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

I’m **Bin Duan (段斌)**, Head of Solutions for **Huawei Cloud in Latin America**, currently based in **São Paulo, Brazil**.

My work focuses on helping customers turn cloud capability into measurable outcomes through a pragmatic framework I call **“1 + 3”**:

- **1 = Foundation**: the digital foundation that makes everything else reliable and scalable—unified digital touchpoints (app/web), identity & access, core self-service capabilities, event tracking, and a governed data foundation.
- **3 = Application Modernization + Big Data + AI**: three growth engines that accelerate modernization and performance—modern business applications, scalable data infrastructure and analytics, and AI capabilities (e.g., intelligent customer service, personalization, automation, churn prevention, and decision support).

With this approach, I support organizations across **government, financial services, telecom, and internet** industries in Latin America to adopt Huawei Cloud effectively—building the right foundations first, then accelerating innovation and growth with modernized applications, big data, and AI.

Outside of day-to-day delivery, I’m an active explorer of **frontier AI**: agent workflows, practical automation, and how emerging models can be translated into real enterprise productivity.
